INTMDB 186 - Added authorization resource to split the cloud access provider config (#420)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: integration-testing/README.md

### Integration tests

The integration tests required extra credentials, like aws, azure. 

> In order to execute the complete terra cycle (init, apply, destroy)

Reviewer: slight edits:
Integration tests required extra credentials, such as for aws and azure, 
in order to execute the complete terraform cycle (init, apply, destroy)

For all the testing it needs the common environment variables 
```
    MONGODB_ATLAS_PROJECT_ID
    MONGODB_ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY
    MONGODB_ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY
```

> For especific aws related interactions 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For specific aws related interactions 
```

```
    AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
    AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
    AWS_REGION

    AWS_CUSTOMER_MASTER_KEY_ID (only cloud at rest)

> ```

Reviewer: Do we want to add something to the README about integration tests?  We explain the acceptance tests there now.

Author: yes, I'll add that

Reviewer: ty!

>     AWS_CUSTOMER_MASTER_KEY_ID (only cloud at rest)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    AWS_CUSTOMER_MASTER_KEY_ID (only required for encryption at rest with customer managed keys)
```
